chore: Cut v2.18.0 (#2840)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v2.18.0 / 2026-01-11

NOTE: This release addresses a regression that caused a panic when new versions were added to existing `CustomResourceDefinition`s. See the post-mortem analysis in <https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/pull/2838> for more details.

> NOTE: `endpointslices` are now the default resource for endpoint metrics. See <https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/pull/2659> for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: `endpointslices` are now part of the default resources exposed as metrics. `endpoints` is deprecated and needs to be manually activated. See <https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/pull/2659> for more details.
```

* This release builds with Go `v1.24.5`
* This release builds with `k8s.io/client-go`: `v0.34.3`

> * [CHANGE] Replace endpoints with endpointslices as default resource by @mrueg in <https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/pull/2659>

Reviewer: Does the Changelog cover the two additional MRs around csr metrics and the parameter filtering?
